# PolyU AF Enterprise Blockchain

##Introduction
AF Blockchain is to use blockchain technology to provide tamper-proof e-verified competency certificates for the challenge short courses. Once a student completes and passes a challenge short course, her or his competency certificate will be cryptographically signed by both AF faculty members and industry experts serving in the review panel, and uploaded onto a secured AF server. The competency certificate will be presented as e-badge on AF Blockchain. The verification of e-badge can be designed to show the image of certificate with info of AF Faculty members and Industry experts/company who signed the milestones of the training.



Specifically, we will use AF Blockchain to connect our students, AF faculty members, and industry experts to define the milestones of professional training (professional short courses) into a smart contract and monitor the success of these milestones on a distributed ledgers which is tamper proof and immutable. Students can update their status of the milestone with proof online. The recognition of milestones are recognized with the mutual consensus of AF faculty members and industry experts on the distributed ledgers implemented on AF Blockchain. Students’ performance of these professional training can be monitored and acknowledged electronically with an e-badge of success anywhere and anytime over the Internet by the AF committee autonomously via a secured channel. The e-badge is a proof of professional training and registered on AF Blockchain. Students can share the e-badge to other universities for higher education or to potential employers who can verify the e-badge electronically with AF Blockchain. No forgery of these e-badge is possible on AF Blockchain platform. Besides LTA, potential employers can register with AF Blockchain’s observer Node to search AF students, achievers of these professional short courses. And mutually, students can search these registered potential employers on AF Blockchain. 